---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

This week flew by. I guess I finally have enough work to fill my time—and I've set more of a schedule outside of my research work. I joined a bouldering gym and finalized my house chores in the student cooperative housing I live in. I've been seeing more of my childhood friends, since we're all finally fully vaccinated. I feel like I've found a good work-life balance.

Colleen and I realized that there's already some research on gender distribution within upper-division electives at UIUC, but we're hoping to expand the research to a broader time period, and also look at how the gender of the professors may effect the gender distributions of classes. Of course, this is all contingent on actually getting universities to give me their data, which I'm still working on. 

I've also been practicing R by working with data on California K-12 funding collected by one of Colleen's PhD students. I don't know much about data analysis, so I've mostly just been making graphs only to discover that there's absolutely no interesting correlation between the data I'm comparing. Maybe that's most of what data analysis is; I don't know.

It seems like a lot of what being a researcher is is just not knowing things, and fiddling until something interesting arises. Not knowing things is something I've historically been extremely uncomfortable with, but in recent years I've been more able to accept that I don't know everything and am not inherently good at everything—and I've realized that understanding my own limitations is actually key to self-confidence. The faculty and grad student meetings I've been going to consist mostly of people asking each other for help and ideas, which I think is very cool, and not something that I've experienced very much in my previous education experience.
